welcome to the billiard man channel
head-to-head commentary learn the tips
and tricks for playing online games all
right this is billiard man and I am here
with shifty aftermath this is the sixth
game and we are playing eight ball we
are right now at 41 my favor and that
was shifty after maps break pretty good
break but no balls on the in the pocket
so i do have ball cue ball and look over
the table here not really many options
here to shoot at do you have a combo
there got the nine here and possibly the
13 the nine is obviously closer so i
could go for the nine and just kind of
bring bring it to the center of the
table to get maybe a little more
opportunity to make something since
there really isn't much going on right
now just going to hit this kind of
lightly get it towards the center of the
table and I could do it 1014 combo or
hit the 14 directly in don't really have
any other shots other than that so I
could hit that 14 in or do a combo here
and go for a combo and just hit this
lively and see if I can get kind of down
towards that 15 and that will give me
some 10 did you see that that was very
close that almost didn't go in that 14
so do have a shot on the 11 here and
have three other balls that I can make I
have this 15 that I can make
and a little bit of stop on it I can't
really see any other shots right now
that are going to work so think i'm
going to go for this 15 put a little bit
of stop on it and set up for the other
two stripes that are the 12 and the 10
here then I go and make this 15 all
right you gotta hit that little too hard
and at the end up doing a combo here
this is a 12-10 combo hopefully I can
get set up for that 10 afterward are
they 12 afterwards once i hit the 10m I
hit that little too hard also I could
cut this shot here I have one left down
at the other end of the 13 the other
side of the table I might be able to
actually get this cue ball down in
position if i hit it right I'm just
going to thinly cut this maybe I'll even
put some English on it to help get it
down that direction look at that oh my
gosh you see how fast i went that was a
pretty fastball for how how hard I hit
it do you have a shot on the 13 but my
issue is is that I need to get all the
way down to the eighth and so I wanted
to go past the eighth son go up the
other way for the eighth
oh great so I scratched there I I
deserve that though I hit that way too
hard and so it is ball in hand for
shifty aftermath
and it looks like we're just pausing
here for a second not sure there we go
six first and it looks like there's a
shot on the four there's a shot on the
four and that's I can't see any other
part of the table on the other side to
see if there's a shot not sure if you
can shoot it shoot the four on the side
I might have to go down in the corner oh
wow jiggled in but it got in there all
right has the one that you can make and
possibly going for the two first all
right and and some options here probably
going for the one I would think with the
one but miss the one alright so i have
to deal with this eight ball here that's
tied up with a seven i think what i'm
going to do is I'm just going to lightly
hit this and try to get that 8th in a
position where I can make it on the next
go around just going to hit this lightly
alright not enough I wanted to actually
get it out about a couple inches from
the rail but that did not happen all
right so shifty aftermath is going for I
don't know if he's going to go for that
seven it's probably some other balls
that you can hit that are a lot easier
there's a 531 all right did get the
three of the one has a shot on the three
just going to have issues with that
seven so I'm not sure what he's going to
end up doing with that seven if he makes
his 30 what if he was trying to knock it
out because he hit that pretty hard with
low all right all right so kind of in a
way snookered me played a safe what I
can do here is I can either bank it
probably in a bank and try banking the
corner and leave that cue ball as far
away as I can from the seven in case I
miss so that's what I'm going to try
here just try banking this
the tough shot want to keep that cube
all the way down at the other end of the
table just got to get this just ride
this is hard these banks when they're
cross like this when you're going across
the ball oh my gosh got it all right
okay so that is game six I'm leaving
five to one and I'm going to see you
Father any other games left in shift the
aftermath I'll let you know when the
next game comes up alright thanks for
watching please subscribe to my channel